## Why should we work together?

I'm a Backend Developer with 4 years of experience in both startup and post-startup environments, and I'm looking to deepen my knowledge base while delivering engineering value, fresh perspectives, and heaps of curiosity to your team. Since late 2022 I've worked on a payments processing team, dealing with a Ruby on Rails API as well as a Ruby/Kafka microservices project. Both utilized PostgreSQL, GitHub Actions CI/CD, Kubernetes, Terraform, and Docker. Before that I spent some time at an IoT startup building their API in Python. While I don't have direct experience as an SRE, I am extremely adaptable, and I've used quite a few of the technologies in your tech stack, which makes me uniquely qualified to slot into your team and start contributing as soon as possible.

That is not to say, however, that I will be stagnant in my skill level. I absolutely love learning and expanding the number of ways I can accomplish something, especially in code, and I'm excited to share the spoils of that curiosity with you. I am also not allergic to asking for help - collaboration is an important part of the toolbox, and I am happy to learn from and occasionally teach my colleagues something new.

In addition, I myself am an N26 premium customer! While I love the product, I'd relish the chance to build the product to be the best it can be.

I’d love the opportunity to bring my skills, curiosity, and collaborative mindset to the team — let’s connect and see how we can build great things together.
